introduction:
My Self Rishika Priya Cheruku currently working as a full stack developer in allied tech inc.
I have 10 years of experience in Enterprise software application development,testing, maintenance and production support.
Being a full stack developer i used java for the backend with different frame works.I used javascript and typescript for front end.
throughout my career i used html,css,spring,bootstrap,angular,jsp,SQL,Git and CI & CD tools for deployment.
all AWS services for infra structure setup and deployment for lower and higher environments.
I also participated in troubleshooting problem defects.I used agile methodology with 2 weeks scrum time.
Project Methodology:
we used Agile Methodology with 2 weeks scrum time.After this 2 weeks scrum time we will have a business meeting with our clients and take some inputs from them
after taking the inputs we will create the user stories based on the user stories we create a task and assign time for each task and assign them to the team
members.mostly i used to get in development team where i need to develop and design the application . once the given task is done we will send it to testing .
if we know that 90% of the task is done then we move to the UAT testing where business user will do it. once they accept then we will give a demo and explain what
are the changes done in this sprint and they will deploy.
Recent Projects:
my recent project is I have worked on financial domain where i created a online investment platform.
In my  application would serve as a one-stop platform for customers to manage their finances, including banking transactions,
  account balances, fund transfers, bill payments, and loan applications
My responsibility includes in designing and developing the user interface for a seamless user experience.Integrating with user APIS  to check the secure
transaction.
Current role and project:
current role is full stack developer where  developed a application.would serve as a one-stop platform for customers to manage their finances, including banking transactions,
account balances, fund transfers, bill payments, and loan applications.My responsibility includes in designing and developing the user interface for a seamless user experience.Integrating with user APIS  to check the secure
transaction,i will have a task with implementing data analytics and reporting features to provide users with insightful portfolio performance metrics and customized reports. Throughout the project,
i would  need to ensure compliance with industry regulations and maintain the security and confidentiality of user data.




